Migrate standalone role to a collection (#193)
hifis-net/ansible-role-unattended-upgrades: README.md

# Ansible Collection - hifis.software_services

[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/hifis-net/ansible-role-unattended-upgrades)](https://github.com/hifis-net/ansible-role-unattended-upgrades/releases)
[![hifis.unattended_upgrades](https://github.com/hifis-net/ansible-role-unattended-upgrades/actions/workflows/unattended_upgrades.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hifis-net/ansible-role-unattended-upgrades/actions/workflows/unattended_upgrades.yml)

## Description

> This collection provides production-ready Ansible roles used for providing services in the field of
> research software:

Reviewer: Same suggestion as in file galaxy.yml:

```suggestion
This collection provides production-ready Ansible roles used for providing services used in research and by research software engineers, but not exclusively:
```

#### For Debian

```yaml
unattended_origins_patterns:
  - 'origin=Debian,codename=${distro_codename},label=Debian-Security' # security updates
  - 'o=Debian,codename=${distro_codename},label=Debian' # updates including non-security updates
  - 'o=Debian,codename=${distro_codename},a=proposed-updates'
```

#### For Ubuntu

In Ubuntu, archive always contains the distribution codename

```yaml
unattended_origins_patterns:
  - 'origin=Ubuntu,archive=${distro_codename}-security'
  - 'o=Ubuntu,a=${distro_codename}'
  - 'o=Ubuntu,a=${distro_codename}-updates'
  - 'o=Ubuntu,a=${distro_codename}-proposed-updates'
```

#### For Raspbian

In Raspbian, it is only possible to update all packages from the default repository, including non-security updates, or updating none.

Updating all, including non-security:

```yaml
unattended_origins_patterns:
  - 'origin=Raspbian,codename=${distro_codename},label=Raspbian'
```

To not install any updates on a raspbian host, just set `unattended_origins_patterns` to an empty list:

```yaml
unattended_origins_patterns: []
```shell
ansible-galaxy collection install hifis.software_services
```

## License

GPL-2.0-or-later

> ## Author

Reviewer: Shall we keep the author section and state that "This Ansible collection is maintained by [HIFIS Software Services](https://www.hifis.net/)."?

Author: :+1:
